Add draft of v1.9 release note (#2194)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: src/pages/release-notes.md

This page summarizes changes in each version of RisingWave, including new features and important bug fixes.

## v1.9.0

> This version was released on May 20, 2024.

Reviewer: Needs update

- Query syntax:
    - Supports non-append-only temporal joins, where the outer side is not required to be append-only. [#16286](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16286). See [Process-time temporal joins](/docs/current/query-syntax-join-clause/#process-time-temporal-joins).
- SQL commands:
    - Supports `DISCARD ALL` command for Npgsql compatibility. [#16432](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16432).
    - Supports creating, dropping, altering, and showing subscriptions. [#14831](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/14831).
    - Supports cursors for subscription queues. [#15180](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/15180).
    - Supports altering stream rate limit for sources and tables with a source. [#16399](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16399). See [`ALTER SOURCE`](/docs/current/sql-alter-source/#set-streaming_rate_limit) and [`ALTER TABLE`](/docs/current/sql-alter-table/#set-streaming_rate_limit).
    - Supports `RECOVER` command to trigger an ad-hoc recovery. [#16259](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16259). See [`RECOVER`](/docs/current/sql-recover/).
- SQL functions & operators:

>     - Supports using a single ASCII character as an escape character with the `LIKE` clause. [#16057](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16057).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: Hi, Emily, just confirmed with the developer, this feature is still in the process of being refined, because some characters mentioned in the code pr are not supported now, so it will be released in the next version.

- Supports creating Delta sinks with GCS. [#16182](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16182). See [Sink data from RisingWave to Delta Lake](/docs/current/sink-to-delta-lake/).
- Supports Snowflake sink connector. [#15429](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/15429). See [Sink data from RisingWave to Snowflake](/docs/current/sink-to-snowflake/).
- Supports creating `upsert` type BigQuery sinks. [#15780](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/15780). See [Sink to Google BigQuery](/docs/current/sink-to-bigquery).

#### Installation and deployment

- Sets PostgreSQL as the default meta store when deploying with Docker Compose. [#16724](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16724). See [Start RisingWave using Docker Compose](/docs/current/risingwave-docker-compose/#customize-meta-store).

#### Cluster configuration changes

- Supports using `ALTER SYSTEM` to set a system-wide default value for a session parameter. [#16062](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16062). See [`ALTER SYSTEM`](docs/current/sql-alter-system/).

> - Supports setting `streaming_rate_limit` to zero. [#16333](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16333). See [View and configure runtime parameters](/docs/current/view-configure-runtime-parameters/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Modifies the meaning of `streaming_rate_limit=0`, which now means pausing the snapshot read stream for backfill, and pausing source read for sources. This statement previously disabled the rate limit within the session. [#16333](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/16333). See [View and configure runtime parameters](/docs/current/view-configure-runtime-parameters/).
```

Reviewer 2: For this change, we already supported setting `streaming_rate_limit` to zero before this version. The change is we change the meaning of this value. So the description may not be clear enough?

Left by developer in the code pr:

> set streaming_rate_limit=0 now means pausing the snapshot read stream for backfill, pausing source read for sources. It previously disabled rate limit within the session.
set streaming_rate_limit=default will disable rate limit within the session. It does not alter existing DDLs' rate limits.
